com/example/home_automation/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.home_automation.BuildConfig
com/example/home_automation/FileUtils.java
 com.example.home_automation.FileUtils
com/example/home_automation/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.home_automation.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.home_automation.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/home_automation/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.home_automation.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/home_automation/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.home_automation.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.home_automation.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/home_automation/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.home_automation.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/home_automation/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.home_automation.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/home_automation/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.home_automation.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.home_automation.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/example/home_automation/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/example/home_automation/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ProviderPathsBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ProviderPathsBinding
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityViewVisitorLogBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityViewVisitorLogBinding
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityAddFamiliarPersonBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityAddFamiliarPersonBinding
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/home_automation/Change_password.java
 com.example.home_automation.Change_password
 com.example.home_automation.Change_password$1
 com.example.home_automation.Change_password$2
 com.example.home_automation.Change_password$3
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityChangePasswordBinding
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityDeviceControlBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityDeviceControlBinding
com/example/home_automation/Add_familiar_person.java
 com.example.home_automation.Add_familiar_person
com/example/home_automation/Home.java
 com.example.home_automation.Home
com/example/home_automation/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/home_automation/MainActivity.java
 com.example.home_automation.MainActivity
com/example/home_automation/View_familiar_person.java
 com.example.home_automation.View_familiar_person
 com.example.home_automation.View_familiar_person$1
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/home_automation/Device_control.java
 com.example.home_automation.Device_control
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityUserRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityUserRegistrationBinding
com/example/home_automation/View_visitor_log.java
 com.example.home_automation.View_visitor_log
com/example/home_automation/databinding/ActivityViewFamiliarPersonBinding.java
 com.example.home_automation.databinding.ActivityViewFamiliarPersonBinding
com/example/home_automation/user_registration.java
 com.example.home_automation.user_registration
 com.example.home_automation.user_registration$1
 com.example.home_automation.user_registration$2
 com.example.home_automation.user_registration$3
com/example/home_automation/Login.java
 com.example.home_automation.Login
 com.example.home_automation.Login$1
 com.example.home_automation.Login$2
 com.example.home_automation.Login$3
